Update release highlights and roadmap (#132)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: roadmap.md

## Roadmap

### 1.14.1 (June 2022)

Target date: June 15, 2022

* Android security updates for June 2022
* Bug fixes

### 1.14.2 (July 2022)

Target date: July 13, 2022

* Android security updates for July 2022
* Bug fixes

### 1.15.0 (August 2022)

Target date: August 24, 2022

> * Minimum TLS version of 1.3 for AMS. As a consequence, any old LXD images prior to 1.15 will stop functioning. Temporarily forcing minimum TLS version back to 1.2 will be possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Minimum TLS version of 1.3 for AMS

   [note type="information" status="Important"]
   With the new requirement, LXD images from Anbox Cloud versions prior to 1.15 will stop functioning. To ease transition, it will be possible to temporarily force the minimum TLS version back to 1.2.
   [/note]
```
Main reason for this change is that we should have either full sentences for all bullet points or sentence fragments for all :wink: - but I also think it would be beneficial to put this into a note to make it stand out more.

Author: :+1:
